we have here and it's that the bun has
spoken
[Music]
things
call me your son
Emilio my soul
but
now the camera what's up
a single this girl starts to
criticize about her children's education
but it's that the oldest brother
you if you had two brothers and your father
in those circumstances the first thing I would do
was go see your brothers not
criticize him one of the facts your father if he
considers himself a mother as I say she says I
considered myself as a mother I
considered him as my children he considers himself
as his children and she has glory Camila a
girl who hasn't done anything she's a
hottie with her father in jail and her
brother because of the circumstances she had
helping her alone and now he has the saint
to be able to call them and then he was
crazy with the 4
but Fidel was crazy about everyone but he does
n't pay any [ __ ] attention to his children
perfectly exactly and then you're
talking about them it has to be
clear he
won't have done whatever it was that came out
the brother will have his problems
allied channel participates a lot arteaga no there's no way to
take it
I have six sisters says an
extended family and I  I was left without a father at
16 and I was a piece and Madrid was a
piece of course also who took me it was my
brother and my sister who gave me lessons
and boy and it was who explained it to me not to
tell my mother the education
that my mother gave too much
to my brothers saying out there in the
street is that it gives me is that your brother who has
done this it was them who
took me by where he had to take it and
this girl she would have a lot of
depression I'm not saying that she had her husband she
had her life straight that if she had
lost her parents press Ortega Cano
had also lost his wife
and everyone has their problems in
life but when you have your siblings
there abandoned they don't have the saints to
see them again and bad criticism at
least to take care of a little bit of to lend
a hand it's that end of you that she
says one of the things that I was going to put
that the diamond now is that on screen
with you there is a part that she says that it
is the first part that we were going to
comment on the episode she says that
the media family has taken several
lurches that there is a moment in which she
says no that then yes  that she does it for what she does
against and that I don't know what and that
she has only made a change from yes
to no lie that is a complete
lie she makes several swings in
fact there we put
here we put yesterday a click the green one we
put it to be interested last night
talking here Cruella del Puerto okay in
which she with Maria Teresa Campo that
also Maria Teresa Campos in this
episode doing like a
sleeve not like saying that Ortega Cano
was not good okay well here they are
two years later okay because this would be
like I imagine the date is not named
but I imagine it will be like 2010 2009
well it won't be like 2011 because they are
talking about that the bullfighter does not have a no he
is going through a good moment so it
will be the accident of course I mean here we
are talking about that
she knowing according to her that the bullfighter did
not make her mother happy and the bad life
that he gave her she had a good relationship and
good words for him
yes yes but it is that also knowing that he did
not give a life to his mother not to
be worried or of his  mother of her
brothers knowing that Antonio David did not
give his children a good life does not
care about her children but criticizes
all the good ones and that for part we already
have in the first of her series how
she supposedly knowing that Antonia
saw abusers was given
shared custody but here here we have the
same thing or rather here she says again
that no that she has not joined bands or
that the fields to bands or have they been
that she has simply gone from yes to
no lie she went from yes to no from yes to
no in the end no here we have her
five years after her
mother died well not only here in him
but not to me where do they have to give there were
flames finally the lady from before there were
flames insistence her lady I do not
understand about her heart I do not understand in
my book what she is saying there are many
episodes there are others in which they have
in which the two collect together Rocío and
Ortega a prize for the insured there are
many moments of Rocío Carrasco with
Ortega Cano for many years after
her mother died at least six or seven
in which they have  good relationship or so
if it is assumed that while you were alive your
mother was aware of these
horrible episodes that you were finding in little
pieces of paper how is it that you pass from heaven and
from heaven it's not you if you pass from heaven
what happens to you is that in 2012 or 2013
more or less it remained in 13 or 14 when
her daughter continues to get along with
Gloria Camila and with all these people
so that's when she separates from the
whole family
if she separates when there are interests and
well friends or when there are things that
interest her and the others don't
follow her gala or whatever but she
also spoke of everyone as
external agents of agents of my
media family your media family are your
uncles they are people who have created you it doesn't
seem that she is talking about someone who
lives like I don't know if the children who
raised them the children are your Díaz brothers of
course culinary she who was also the
guardian
she was the guardian she was the one who signed
that she had to take care of the
children if something happened to them so that they
could or not with  if I understand
the concept of family as if it were a piece of cake
that I now understand I cannot
understand it it is impossible to
understand it then that you talk and about
people and that he decides about his brothers
who were poorly educated and you where
were you who was his sister aunt was his
sister how do you have the nerve to
criticize now how your
brothers were educated where they were your
mother was not there you were already older than you you were very
bad and you couldn't expect the best neither could you
also I was screwed then don't
criticize what you haven't done I
am only criticizing what I have not
done and also
her responsibility who are her brothers what I
criticize the most about Rocío Carrasco is what she leaves
her children out there more than
anything a
battle each one uses their weapons
but not even where they have to give
the call was cut off it's strange can you call
laporta the lady from before and raise your
hand if I can call her again of course
now as soon as Emilio got tired of the
limelight
[Music]
the worst thing about the moment that I am with him and
he called and when I started with his daughter
how to mistreat  her children why not
treat them
there are people who say that
the problems between Rocio Carrasco and the
media family are issues of
inheritance and that they want everything at full speed
but the thing is that I don't believe that I
still haven't found the point where
the fights start I think it's more
focused on what Rocio Flores you know
but I don't think it's how you want to see it
because the money that belonged to
each one was perfectly tied up or rather there
isn't much discussion the problem is
a girl who has always gotten
her way and with Antonella Bino she got her way
and the family has the
concept of family as long as they can see their
nephews and that's where everyone talked well
Antonio let's see if they talked for the devil
or with whoever was necessary and she can't
understand that and I do believe that the
family talked to Antonio David a
little bit scolding her a little bit in
revenge against her and also something
because they didn't want her so much in life and she'll leave well it
could be maybe it's also because they did
n't want her to leave
but I also believe that because  come
see the children also
a little bit of everything a little bit of everything
a little bit better cordiality than living
but I'm not going to see his grandchildren and Pedro for a
while
we see that he has started and
that it's balls
well that has been said but yesterday I
found a report by hand
when the gifts were gone
I found family photos of
Pedro Carrasco
good of course
his grandchildren would see it the same as Rocío the same as
everyone and he already had photos with Gloria Camila
yes everything was very well and he loved her
very much and also with Gloria Camila and
Rocío Flores is with Gloria Camila all day
and suddenly and suddenly her daughter
look it's that I just found says
Raquel Mosquera she is beautiful Rocío
darling and on television she does very well
every day better as a collaborator many
kisses for you the family darling and being
thank you for your message you know that I
have a lot of affection for you person the whole
family
yes yes yes yes yes everyone and everyone loved each other
and also he rents what is called bad he
grabs co
in the end he ends up getting along badly with
everyone but I think more than
anything because she has to be what
she says like  I don't know, I think it's
a
concept, she talks about her family as
if she were talking about someone who I don't
know how we are talking,
we have more empathy for her
children, she is very strong, well
Emilio Telespazio,
but there is a connection, a hug
[Music]